d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\CODE.exe
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\CODE.deps.json
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\CODE.runtimeconfig.json
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\CODE.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\CODE.pdb
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.UI.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.Mvc.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Common.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.ServiceProvider.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.AuthorizationServer.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.UI.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ClientAuthorization.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ResourceServer.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.UI.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.UI.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.UI.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdOAuth.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\bin\Debug\net6.0\Validation.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\obj\Debug\net6.0\CODE.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\obj\Debug\net6.0\CODE.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\obj\Debug\net6.0\CODE.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\obj\Debug\net6.0\CODE.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\obj\Debug\net6.0\CODE.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\obj\Debug\net6.0\CODE.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\obj\Debug\net6.0\CODE.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\CODE.dll
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\obj\Debug\net6.0\CODE.pdb
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\obj\Debug\net6.0\CODE.genruntimeconfig.cache
d:\C\DevDorf\Git\Csharp\Projetos\Test WebVoto - Consumo de API - Get  Post\CODE\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\CODE.dll
